We'll see you next time.
Are you ready now, Clark?
Yeah, I forgot to press the record button.
Sorry.
So, Mr. Luther,
are there any more secret construction projects
going on at Luther Corp like Level 3?
Please, call me Lex.
Okay, Lex, are you gonna answer my question?
Chloe.
What?
It's okay, Clark.
Our critics are our friends.
They show us our faults.
Benjamin Franklin.
Excuse me, Mr. Luther.
Your father's on the phone.
I need to talk to him.
I need to get this.
I'll take him to conservatory.
I look forward to resuming our verbal judo.
All right, boys, this is the big one. Let's go!
Let's do it!
Let's go!
I wonder if he's really taking a call
or if he's just trying to avoid me.
Wow, that's really cool.
Cool.
Do you think it's real?
Chloe?
Chloe.
Okay, the vault's on the wall behind the bookcase.
How do you know?
I got my sources.
She was doing more of the housekeepers.
Oh, yeah.
She really is smart.
Yeah, you're right.
Multiple people died yesterday at the same time.
I just never zapped my university pills because it was a summarize.
I guess that's enough information.
This is a process calledデパート.
We're all trying to win.
That's good.
It's okay, boys.
I'm still trying to regenerate myself.
soldierdom!
I don't need you anymore.
I really, really need some therapy.
Okay.
That was all I had, brother.
Okay, guys.
Take care you guys go out there this weekend
and take this stuff right back to the basement.
One minute.
We got one on.
Time's up. Let's move it. Let's go.
Chloe, you can't just go snooping around someone's house.
Clark, it's a mansion. It's designed for snooping.
Okay, fine. We'll go and wait in the library for Lex to officially blow us off.
I'll put the camera away.
Okay, I'm gonna go get my bag.
Hey, what's going on?
All right.
Chloe!
It's moving, it's moving!
Chloe.
Mom!
Chloe!
Don't you come back.
Somebody save me.
Let you warm hands break right through.
Somebody save me
Don't care how you do it
Just stay, stay
Come on, I've been waiting for you
Just stay
I've made this whole world shine for you
Just stay, stay
Come on
Clark
Don't worry, I brought in the best doctors from Metropolis
Is she gonna be alright?
Doctors aren't sure
The fall was pretty bad
She broke her left arm and has a concussion
We wanna make sure there's no brain swelling
I should have gotten to her
I don't mean to belabor the obvious, Clark, but this isn't your fault
I just don't know what happened
One minute the room is empty
And then they appear out of thin air
I mean, do the police have any leads?
They don't think I'm the first one that's been hit
There have been over a dozen of these robberies all over the county
This gang somehow gets in and out without busting a single lock
They even tried to hit the Smallville Savings and Loan
I didn't hear about that
Banks don't publicize attempted robberies, Clark. It's bad for their image
If nothing was taken, how do they know?
Apparently they tripped an alarm inside the vault
Although no one knows how they got in there in the first place
And the stuff they stole from you, can the police trace it?
I didn't report anything stolen, Clark
Why not? I saw them walk out with two bags
I don't care about that
I just wanna find the people who did this to Chloe
When I do, I promise you they will be dealt with accordingly
What does that mean?
It means you should let me worry about it
Why don't you go home and get some rest?
Whitney!
Hey Whitney, wait up!
I thought you were gonna meet me at the hospital
Sorry, I forgot. How's Chloe?
Better. Not out of the woods yet
Well, that's the thing with this town. They'll always find a way to keep you down
Whitney, what's wrong? Is it your dad?
No, it's nothing. I just gotta go do my inventory. See ya
I'm sorry, I'm sorry
Hi Clark. What are you doing?
I'm trying to make myself useful
Hey son, we need firewood, not toothpicks
I know what you guys are gonna say. It's not my fault
Lex already told me so in Chloe's dad
They're right, Clark. You did your best
Chloe could've died
Son...
Becoming an adult means learning a lot of difficult lessons,
one of which is you can't save everybody,
no matter who you are.
You said you could feel the effects of the meteor rocks.
Yeah, I just don't know where I was coming from.
Sometimes I just wish I could leave this town
and get away from the meteor rocks.
Hey, hey!
I'm sure that you will.
You'll get that chance.
But running away is not gonna solve anything.
If you want to make yourself useful,
don't hang around here feeling sorry for yourself.
Go, see what you can find out.
I'll be right back.
I had no idea I stored so much stuff in here.
Can you hand me the tape, please?
Yeah.
I still can't believe you're selling this place now.
I can't believe your sudden interest in the place.
My parents met here.
This place means a lot to me.
I know, Lana.
But one screen can't compete with a multiplex,
and the fact is,
I want to be able to send you to any college you want.
Could you tell me who the buyer is?
Maybe I could talk to them,
see if they'd be willing to renovate.
It's Lex, Luther.
Lex said the people that hit the mansion
also tried to rob this bank.
Look, I got three words for you.
Official police investigation.
The police haven't done a thing.
There have been a dozen robbers in the past six months,
all with the same freaky M.O.
No sign of entry.
The jewels and the cash just vanished.
Except for this place.
Lex says that they triggered an alarm inside the vault.
The question is how they get inside.
I don't know.
Now stop channeling Chloe and come on.
Oh, no, not the 10,000-yard stare.
Clark!
Come on, man.
I know you feel bad.
I do, too.
But we're not cops.
I'm in your proposition.
You're in something that you can't reply.
Well, you will take position.
You will not, you will not survive.
Because everything is different now.
Though it seems so impossible to know.
Nothing.
Not a single sidebar.
A guy has got to miss 100 grand in cash and jewels.
Not Luther, bro.
There is no telling how much Jackie has got stashed from that castle.
Cash, jewels, art, cars, you name it.
If we'd gone downstairs, we probably would have found the money pit where he swims in the stuff.
Like that duck with the Irish accent.
Uncle Scrooge.
Yeah, yeah.
We're Scottish, not Irish.
But the fact is, we don't have enough time.
Stuff doesn't last as long as it used to.
I know.
I'm telling you, we need fresh blood.
Yeah, but who can we trust?
I don't know.
I think I know why Luther didn't file that robbery report.
Now check this out.
Ten to one.
The poster boy for Rogaine doesn't want anyone to know that he's tapped into his daddy's computer system.
Maybe then we pay Luther Jr. another visit, huh?
I think so.
I don't care.
If I wanted excuses, I'd call the police.
Yeah?
Well, you're supposed to be the best private security firm in Metropolis.
How'd you get in here?
Same way we did last time, bro.
I'm calling the police.
You didn't last time.
And we know why.
You're not the only one.
You're the only one who's been in here.
You didn't last time.
And we know why.
We read the disc, Lex.
I don't know what you're talking about.
You're skimming money from your dad to fund a project in Smallville.
That concerns a new methane treatment plant.
It's gonna put our competitors out of business.
Methane plants don't need particle accelerators.
What do you want?
A million. Cash.
You're trying to be stupid.
Even if you think a stupid thought,
your disc is gonna be uploaded to the Internet
for all the world and Big Daddy Lionel to see.
How do I reach you?
You don't. We reach you.
Now turn around.
Wait there.
You have no idea who you're dealing with.
There are already hacer of you know.
You get to give thanks to God
is what I know.
Thank God.
Much love,
but you never will.
Honey I love you so much.
Shut up.
Wait there.
Anybody gonna pick me up?
What are you outside?
Come on.
That smells good.
It's just made by a studio worker somewhere.
aber. fino
symph purchasing
Is everything OK?
I bet you think it's just great to live in Smallville
your whole life, take over the farm from dad.
Well, I'm not sure that's the life for me.
Sometimes you don't have a choice.
Whitney, you'll get out of here.
You'll probably go further than anyone else in this town.
I lost my scholarship, Kent.
I'm sorry.
You told Lana yet?
I am going to spend the rest of my life in this store,
develop a bad heart at 50 like my dad,
and become just another Rememory.
I'm never getting out of Smallville.
Hey, man, you got these sneaks in the 12?
Yeah.
You got a problem, bro?
No.
I'll go find this.
Hey.
Oh, are you Whitney Fordman?
Yeah, Wade Mahaney.
I saw you throw for 300 yards against Topeka last year.
That was a great game, huh?
Say, I heard that you were tracked for a full ride
to Kansas State.
It didn't work out.
Size 12, right?
Yeah.
Thanks, bud.
Man.
Well, I know all about that.
Senior year, I got sacked, blew out my knee.
Had to have four operations.
Tough break.
I had a dozen schools offering me full scholarships.
And then it all went away just like that.
So what's your plan now?
Huh?
I don't have one.
Just don't want to do this the rest of my life.
I hear you.
Where's the future in that, huh?
Say, we're having a party at our place tonight.
Why don't you swing by?
I can't.
I got to close up.
Come by after.
Knock back a brew, a detox from this.
Come on, man.
It'll be fun.
I am the god of court.
Woo!
Let me give you the tour boat.
Come on.
Cracked up, cracked up, cracked up cross my face.
This place is awesome.
Maybe we could bring you on, Foreman.
I want you to talent a guy.
Why do you want to help me?
Guys like us got to stick together.
I thought my life was over after football didn't pan out.
It's just beginning.
Yeah.
Yes.
Come on.
Trust me.
It only gets better.
Let me show you where the real party is.
You ever been inked?
I'm not really into tattoos.
Okay.
Initiation, bro. First one's on the house.
I don't know, man. They're kind of forever.
You want to eat with the big dogs?
You gotta step up the bones.
This is like nothing you've ever seen before.
Make you feel like a new man.
Swear to God.
Have a seat.
All right.
Just make sure it doesn't say Smallville.
We'll be right back.
Hey!
Hey, come on!
Oh!
Your guys are crazy!
Ya!
Ya, baby!
Oops!
WHOO-HOO!
付く целах 자 вз airflow
Who the hell are you?
Thank you.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
And if you got into a fight or something...
...just stop laughing and can you see your наступление?
...just stop laughing and can you see yourск Again?
I think I'm gonna suffer...
...one
If you've got
Okay, bye.
Take care.
Hey!
Bye.
I wish you decent 잘ua.
There you go.
Hey.
Your dad called and told me you were awake.
You're officially my first visitor.
How you feeling?
Like a million bucks.
Thrown in the washing machine inside on spin.
Everyone was real worried about you.
Yeah, I noticed.
Looks like Nell's flower shop's been stripped clean.
I especially like the ones from Lex.
They make me feel like I won the Kentucky Derby.
They're beautiful, Clark.
They're my favorite.
I, um...
I just want to say I'm sorry.
For what?
Letting you get hurt.
Well, I am perturbed with you, Clark.
I'm also mad that you didn't put out the Chicago fire of 1871.
Or prevent the fall of the Roman Empire,
making you directly responsible for the Dark Ages.
Thanks.
Do you, uh...
Do you remember anything about those guys?
There's one thing.
The guy that grabbed me...
He had a tattoo on his forearm.
On an octagon, maybe.
What's going on, Clark?
I don't know.
Let me do some digging.
Clark Kent, investigative reporter.
Has a nice ring to it.
You get some rest?
I'll try.
Thank you.
This theater means something to a lot of people.
I spent every Saturday of my childhood here.
Eighth row center.
When the lights went down and the screen flickered to life,
the problems outside these doors just disappeared.
It was like being transported to a magical place.
That's a nice story.
But why is it so important to you, really?
My parents met here.
I guess I'm just looking for something to hold on to.
Thank you.
So I'm supposed to preserve this monument
to Lana Lang's sentimental memories.
That's not what I meant.
You're a teenager, Lana.
Mercurial doesn't do you justice.
Thought you might understand.
Clearly I was mistaken.
This is business, Lana.
All these old storefronts are becoming professional office spaces.
Town needs a parking garage.
So you're going ahead with your plans?
You haven't given me any reason to.
I'm not.
I changed my mind.
If you'll excuse me, I have a pressing matter to attend to.
Whitney.
You have a minute?
Kind of busy.
You remember the guy who came in here yesterday
looking for the shoes?
Doesn't ring a bell.
A lot of guys come in here.
Whitney, this is serious.
Take it easy.
Where'd you get that tattoo?
Mind your own business.
Look, did those guys give it to you?
Whitney, they're bad news.
You spend all your time trying to steal Lana.
Now, suddenly you want to become my own personal boy scout.
It's not true.
It's tough seeing yourself the way others see you, isn't it, Kent?
Stay away from those guys.
You're not my father, Kent.
Now, get the hell out of here.
Hey.
Nell said you called.
Sounded urgent.
Have you seen Whitney today?
Yeah.
I asked him what was going on.
He said he was out with some new friends.
Blowing off steam.
When I tried to press him, he got angry.
So, so I backed off.
It's hard watching people you love suffer,
and there's nothing you can do to help.
Lana, I don't know if I'm supposed to be telling you this,
but Whitney lost his scholarship.
What?
Why didn't he tell me?
He was so close to his dream,
and to just have it taken away like that.
Must hurt like hell.
Thanks for telling me.
You're a good friend.
I raided the torch.
I think these are Whitney's new friends.
Wade Mahaney and Scott Bowman.
Class of 96.
Who are these guys?
They were Whitney six years ago.
All-star athletes,
lettered in football, baseball, basketball.
They ruled the school.
What happened?
I did some checking and according to the ledger,
Wade got injured and Scott got caught up in drugs.
They watched their futures vanish.
Do you think Whitney's in trouble?
I don't know.
I tried to talk to him but he wouldn't listen to me.
He thinks that scholarship is his only way out of here.
I wish he'd see himself the way I do.
There's more to him than football.
He's lucky to have you.
Yeah.
He's the only influence I am.
Can't seem to convince anybody to do anything today.
Are you talking about the talent?
I met with Lex.
Tried to make my case but he totally shot me down.
He said I hadn't given him a good enough business reason.
Sounds kind of harsh.
Yeah.
But I think the thing that makes me maddest
is that he's right.
Maybe it wasn't rejection.
Maybe it was a challenge.
My first challenge is helping Whitney.
Let me work on that.
Clark, why are you doing this?
Not that I don't appreciate it.
I couldn't stop what happened to Chloe.
There's a chance for Whitney.
Yeah.
I got a case.
You wanna find out what it's all about, bro?
Yeah.
Sure, I'm in.
Glad you could make it, Luther.
Go inside.
You'll find a walk-in meat locker.
Wait there.
Now what?
Hello?
You know what? All this resting is driving me insane.
These so-called healthcare professionals
just want me to stay in bed and eat jello.
Those fascists.
Clark, I need to do this, okay?
Don't cut me out of it, please.
Okay.
So I was surfing the net, doing some research.
How'd you get online here?
Pete hijacked the phone line for me.
What have you got?
I'm not sure.
I'm just curious.
I mean, these guys are using meteorite tattoos
to speed up their metabolism.
I mean, their molecules are literally moving at hyper-speed.
That's how they're able to go through solid objects?
That's crazy.
Well, they're doing it.
It's like the ultimate rush.
But there's no way their bodies can handle that kind of stress for long.
What are you saying will happen?
If you take the ultimate rush,
you pay the ultimate price.
What's wrong with you?
Neal?
Neal, is that you?
Whitney.
I'm in trouble, Lana.
I messed up.
I trusted the wrong guys.
I'm sorry.
I let you down.
I just don't know what to do.
It's okay.
After they get the money, they're gonna kill Lex.
And probably me for betraying them.
You did the right thing.
Yeah, too little, too late.
Where are they now?
Back at the loft, sleeping it off.
Did you see this disk they stole from Lex?
No.
But it's gotta be there. I could sneak in and get it.
It's too dangerous. We should call the police.
No cops.
I'm already in enough trouble.
Look, tell me where they are.
I bet I can get in and out before they even wake up.
Can't let you go alone, Clark.
I got myself into this mess.
I gotta try and get myself out of it.
Empty.
They must be out looking for me.
Well, let's find it before they come back.
It's not here.
Keep looking.
It's gotta be here somewhere.
I'm sure it's not.
I got it.
You really screwed up, rookie.
I don't know how you found that disc, bro,
but I need it back.
Now.
It hurts, doesn't it?
It feels like someone chewing up your insides.
You're not gonna stay long enough.
You can do some serious damage.
You're next, bro.
Wait, please.
Keep moving, rookie.
I know what happened to your arm.
In the bank vault.
Occupational hazard.
We waited too long.
Didn't hurt.
When I pulled out, it was fused at the shoulder.
You can't keep doing this.
If we had a retirement plan, we wouldn't have to.
But now,
you're gonna pay.
How'd you find us?
Flanagan told me what you guys were doing.
Clark, you should have called me first.
I've gotta find Whitney.
Clark, wait. Call the police.
I thought you were a stud.
This was your chance to be on top again.
I thought my life was over when I lost my scholarship,
but I was wrong.
No, you were right. Your life is over.
Remember your initiation, bro?
That's how you join us.
That's how you're gonna leave.
We're running out of time. Grab the remotes.
Let him go.
The cops are on their way.
Think again, rookie.
There's only one way on this team.
Don't worry, bro. I got you covered.
Yeah!
Keep your heads up!
Keep up!
Look at the car!
What did you tell the police?
The truth.
Those guys broke into my house,
and then you and the quarterback figured it out,
tried to be heroes, and got in over your heads.
What about the walking through walls part?
I don't think the cops could handle that much truth.
Sorry about your desk.
I didn't come out here for that, Clark.
I came because my friend was in trouble.
Thanks.
I'll keep you guys here, though.
Just remember, boys,
you keep my secret, and I'll keep yours.
You keep my secret, and I'll keep yours.
I'll keep you guys here, though.
And if you don't,
you'll find out that you're not the only ones
who can reach through the walls.
Can you move this vehicle
to the transport facility?
Yes, sir.
Ah, the sweet smell of freedom.
Chloe, you were in the hospital, not Alcatraz.
You spend a week in there, and you'd feel like a prisoner, too.
I mean, come on.
Bad food, lights out by 9,
and no cable?
I'm thinking about doing an expose.
How's Whitney, by the way?
He's taking it one day at a time.
Good. All right.
Well, bye.
Oh, sorry.
What's going on?
I'm just gonna go do a little checking with the police.
Apparently, none of the tattoo ink was found at the loft,
and Scott and Derek aren't saying anything to anyone,
so I smell a cover-up.
Chloe,
it's good to have you back.
Thanks.
He's early.
Okay.
Here goes nothing.
It's a good plan.
Wish me luck.
You don't need it.
Thanks for coming.
I was surprised by your call.
After our last meeting, I didn't think I'd hear from you again.
This time I came prepared.
What's this?
My business proposal.
Small town.
Small towns across the country have revived their old downtowns,
returning them to the social centers they once were.
They didn't do this by building cookie cutter malls or parking garages.
They did it by restoring the great old buildings that were already there,
turning them into cafes, bookstores, restaurants.
You want to turn the town into a cafe bookstore?
It could also be a venue for local bands and art house movies.
If you look on page 12,
I found out you can register the building as an historic landmark,
which gives you certain tax benefits.
Just don't ask me to explain them.
Who's going to manage it?
Nell said she'd be interested.
I can train with her after school,
try running it myself in the summers.
How'd you come up with this?
Something Clark said.
He told me you like to challenge people.
Well, you've definitely risen to the challenge.
So it's a deal?
I need to look over everything,
but, yeah, it's a deal.
Really?
I'm glad you're happy.
I think this could be the start of a very interesting partnership.
I'd like to see you guys work on this.
Thank you, guys.
I'm really looking forward to it.
I'm glad it happened.
I'll be back soon.
See you soon.
Take care.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye, Nell.
See you soon.
Bye-bye.
I'm sorry.